Everything's big, with cream cheese and a large laddy, 850.
I think I forgot my pores.
Not my problem.
Come on, I'm yelled at time. I've been waiting forever.
And yet, still not my problem.
Are you serious? I can bring you the money after work.
Next customer.
Sorry, how much was her order?
850.
Oh, I've got it.
And could you add a regular coffee with cream?
Fine. 12 even.
Do I know you?
No.
I just want to help.
Thank you.
Of course.
How can I get you money to you?
Yeah, don't worry about it.
Okay, thank you.
But if you'd like a little something encouraging to read on your way to work, you might enjoy this.
I don't believe in God.
May I ask why?
I just don't.
Thanks again. You're very sweet.
How many years in the camp?
11.
Will anyone else in your family be requesting resettlement?
No.
Why?
They are all dead.
Killed.
I need a copy of your identity card.
It's all yours.
Country!